Ok ok hey
Then do you know Yihuang?
How many have you seen?
But not very familiar
Really, have you really seen an emperor?
So where does he live?
Can you take me to meet him?
Don't think too much about it.
A person like Lord Yihuang
It's impossible to see you at all
Who said that? You're not him
The Emperor has a crush on me
In the world of One Emperor, you are either a beauty pageant champion
Or a wealthy daughter
There are even royal princesses hugging and hugging
What are you?
I am beautiful too
And I am proficient in piano, chess, calligraphy and painting
Beautiful and talented
I'll give you two words.
What word hehe
Oh, I see.
What do you know?
You like me?
You are afraid that Lord Yihuang will like me too
So you don't want me to see him, do you?
Can you really put gold on your face?
Isn't it?
I can only tell you
One day you will know
You are just a joke in my eyes
Okay, I don't want to argue with you anymore.
Then can you tell me?
How can I meet the Jade Emperor?
Tell me again, you want to be beautiful.
I can't let you be a security guard again
Don't you think
The experience that night was particularly comfortable and wonderful
Go to hell I warn you
Can't tell what happened that day
Otherwise, I must find someone to kill him